friends and girlfriends and I went today I will
to pass to you is how does the confection
easy them 13 over the cake
so here I have one analyzed in
pole
now I'm going to work on it in outlines
Here 's what I use on the other's peak.
number 22 as long as it requires I passed
I sent a picture of a cake in color
yellow with these little flowers that I go
up here is this thing I'm
using here is bad salt and down here
can also be done
only the shells so here I go
take the alley a little bit bigger than the
What I'm using for me to do some
where I'm going to put the
flowers
and here in my daring confectionery bag
beak he is the 36 meda not i have him
It has a shape of a chat beep
So here I am going to make the leaves.
first
so here on this cake will not come back
using that pin to make the
flowers while I go straight into the
cake
so here I've done all the sheets
Now let's talk about the flowers here in the
half a kilo but where the leaves are
I do a fill that for
little flower do not get too deep in there
this beak here that I'm using it is
the nozzle of making flowers is that with it gives
to make several flowers and read 104 more
He has this one here for example that he gives
to make a bigger flower
he's the 127 he's the alley petal too
but I'm using here I always 4 for
make these flowers from the little flowers is
You're going to lie down, huh?
Here you will need the one I'm spinning.
the dancer but I'm going to try to pass
for you this video with the man because
I 'm filming with with my hand
left was the cell phone and with my
right hand and I have the bag of
I'll confess but I'll try to pass
for you the correct would be I'm spinning
The ballerina for me is making the flowers.
but I'll try to pass on to you
You will see that it is not difficult to do
I think it will be easier than it was
than the roses gol with the spout lying down
you see under doing the petal of the scaffold
little Flower
and to make the little button of that flower is
only two petals only you see
for the be the linen hit the whipped cream on the
bright orange and here I go
be making my line only a few
pinguinho there you tighten under the type
showerhead tightens up but has a spout
also that you can
be opting to use it squeezes under
this little showerhead
and here I have beak by the lion
He is number 3 with him that I go.
make minions of the little button
ah
there the decoration up here is not
number of arabesques the quantity of the
worked in green for you who are going
see the need for each size of
cake, because it's no use you're very
arrangement upon small cake
because it will get ugly then friends and
friends, I hope you have enjoyed it and
I understand and until the next video
cable